cmd/api-key: enable the command (#79)
cycloidio/cycloid-cli: README.md

This repository hosts the source code of Cycloid command line to use Cycloid APIs.

## Installation

> You can download the latest Linux binary from the [release](https://github.com/cycloidio/cycloid-cli/releases) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Precompiled binaries for released versions are available in the [release](https://github.com/cycloidio/cycloid-cli/releases) page on Github. Using the latest production release binary is the recommended way of installing the Cycloid CLI.
```

## Getting started

> Before playing with the CLI, you first need to authenticate a user into the Cycloid API using an API keys for all your CLI calls as described in our [official documentation](http://docs.cycloid.io/cli.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before playing with the CLI, you will first need to authenticate yourself into the Cycloid API using an API key as described in our [official documentation](http://docs.cycloid.io/cli.md).
```

```

> cy login --org my-org --api-key "my_API_token..."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cy login --org my-org --api-key "<MY_API_KEY>"
```

### Create config repository using credential named "Git Config"

```
GIT_CRED=$(cy --org $ORG credential list -o json | jq '.[] | select( .name == ""Git Config") | .canonical')
cy --org myorg  config-repository create --branch master --cred $GIT_CRED --name "lab-config" --default --url "git@github.com:org/repo.git"
```

### Invite members with "Admin" role

```
ADMIN_ROLE=$(cy --org $ORG  roles list -o json | jq '.[] | select( .name | contains("Admin")) | .canonical')
cy  --org myorg  members invite --role $ADMIN_ROLE --email foo@email.com
```

:construction:
<!-- This is where we could add some useful examples: create a user, etc. -->

> ## Build from the sources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building from source
```

> You can clone the repository and build from sources (we use `Go Modules` (1.13+)):

Reviewer: To build the CLI from source code, first ensure that have a working Go environment with version 1.13 or greater installed and the `make` command available.
After that, you can clone the repository yourself, build using `make build` and move the built binary where you want it to be (eg. in `/usr/local/bin` for a global install):

> ```shell
> git clone git@github.com:cycloidio/cycloid-cli.git
> cd cycloid-cli
> ```
> 
> Build and install the binary
> 
> ```
> make build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
git clone git@github.com:cycloidio/cycloid-cli.git
cd cycloid-cli

make build
```

> sudo mv cy /usr/local/bin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sudo mv cy /usr/local/bin
sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/cy
```
